Deprecate usage of cursors not safe to serialize (#81)
Shopify/job-iteration: guides/custom-enumerator.md

### Cursor types

Cursors should be of a [type that Active Job can serialize](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/active_job_basics.html#supported-types-for-arguments).

For example, consider:

```ruby
FancyCursor = Struct.new(:wrapped_value) do
  def to_s
    wrapped_value
  end
end
```

```ruby
def build_enumerator(cursor:)
  Enumerator.new do |yielder|
    # ...something with fancy cursor...
    yield 123, FancyCursor.new(:abc)
  end
end
```

If this job was interrupted, Active Job would be unable to serialize
`FancyCursor`, and Job Iteration would fallback to the legacy behavior of not
serializing the cursor. This would typically result in the queue adapter
eventually serializing the cursor as JSON by calling `.to_s` on it. Upon
deserialization, the cursor would be corrupted as `:abc`, rather than
`FancyCursor.new(:abc)`.

To avoid this, job authors should take care to ensure that their cursor is
serializable by Active Job. This can be done in a couple ways, such as:

> - [adding GlobalID support to the cursor class](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/active_job_basics.html#globalid)

Author: Nope, that's probably just what I'd gotten to from Google. 🤷 Fixed!

> - [implementing a custom serializer for the cursor class](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/active_job_basics.html#serializers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [implementing a custom Active Job argument serializer for the cursor class](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_job_basics.html#serializers)
```

- handling (de)serialization in the job/enumerator itself

>     ```diff

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```ruby
```
